Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number four 96. In this
episode, Scott talks with Sylvia
Richardson, an accessibility coordinator for
blue cross blue shield of
North Carolina about non-web based assisted
technologies. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
we're chatting with Sylvia Richardson.
She's the accessibility coordinator for
blue cross blue shield of
North Carolina, and does accessibility as
her day job, but we're
not going to talk about
web based accessibility. Are we?
No, I wanted to talk
a little bit about some
really neat developments in a
non web based assistive technology,
physical devices that can help
people access the world. You
know, in a time when
everyone's talking about wearables, it
seems like people say wearables,
but all they really mean
is like a Fitbit, but
the real innovation is happening
in wearables that are assisting
people and people who are
differently abled. That's true. One
of my very favorite wearables
to talk about, because it's
just kind of cool is
a product called Orkambe or
cam. It's basically a way
to turn yourself into a
cyborg. There's a small camera
that clips to a pair
of eyeglasses, a bone conductive
headphone, and then a small
computer. And basically this is
just peop people who have
taken existing technologies, small cameras,
like they use in products
like Google glass, bone, conductive
headphones. A lot of swimmers
use. Those are people who
want to run in traffic
and then people, and then
OCR, optical character recognition technology.
And basically the camera records
the environment around and then
the person wearing it can
trigger it. And it will
read text to the user.
So not just web pages
and phone texts, but newspapers
signs menus. You can also
program it to do some
things like facial recognition. You
can program it to help
you recognize the products you
buy most at the grocery
store. And basically then the
tiny computer whispers in your
ear and reads things to
you. And it's a really
great tool for building independence
so that you can go
out and do the sort
of things that you need
to do to live your
life. Even with you, don't
see very well. And you
get to be a cyborg.
How fun is that? As,
as a cyborg and someone
who's got at least two
devices that are medical based
attached to me, I am
all about augmented technologies like
that. I wonder though, you
do you have to point
at the thing you want
it to read or how
does it know? You do
have to point. So it's
a technology for people who
have some residual vision, but
most people who are legally
blind do have enough vision
to be able to recognize
a text, whether it's upside
down to writes it up
and point to it, to
trigger. Oh, okay. So you
let's say maybe you're sitting
in at a menu and
you've got whatever level of
vision that you've got. You
pointed the menu and then
it OCR, is it in
real time and reads it
to you? Yes. And their
big innovation is actually OCR
on flexible surfaces. So we're
really, really good at OCRN
flat things and not as
good at OCR and things
that are bent. So one
of this, the technologies has
company has been heavily focused
on is working with things
that are bent or warped,
or for example, the number
on a bus, things that
are moving. And at least
from the demos I've seen,
it looks like it's pretty
solid. That sounds amazing that
it reminds me of two
different things. First it reminds
me of that was at
Google goggles where you could
point it at something and
it would say that's an
Apple. Yeah. Google glass. I
think Not Google glass, the
headphones, but Google goggles, the
object recognition software. I think
it's an Android app. You
basically take a picture of
a painting or a landmark
or a popular image and
goggles would say, Oh, you're
looking at the Mona Lisa
It's yes, it's a similar
technology, except it doesn't require
internet connectivity. Everything is local.
And in the onboard computer,
you don't need internet connection
all the time. And so
that you're not exchanging video
of your daily life with
a weird server somewhere where
there could be security issues.
That's a really good, that's
a really interesting point that
it's in that that's something
be entirely self contained is
an important scenario that I
wouldn't have thought of. But
if you're on the subway,
you'd want it to read
to you, even though you're
in a tunnel Exactly. Or
in your home or walking
around, has people like me
who are firmly attached to
their iPhones, no internet signal
is not great everywhere. And
it looks like from their
website, they said that in
the future, it'll be able
to tell you the color
of your shirt reads, you
know, read outdoor signs and
things that you can't necessarily
touch, which sounds pretty amazing
as well. Yes. And the
great thing about it is
once you have the hardware,
it's much, it's easy for
them to push software updates.
So it's a technology you
can buy at admittedly, a
very high price point. I
think it's $3,500 or so
that will actually improve over
time. Have you seen that
software that can do real
time translation where you, you
do augmented reality, you pointed
like a Spanish sign and
it puts English over the
top. I have seen the
YouTube videos of that and
it actually looks really kind
of fun. Translation is an
imprecise science, but it probably
will help you with street
signs. Absolutely. And I'm kind
of expanding that, thinking about
all the different kinds of
Lego pieces, one could snap
together that could mean a
blind traveler could go somewhere
and be in a foreign
country and somewhat find their
way around. That's really amazing.
When you were talking about
wearables earlier, you mentioned Fitbits
and other sort of activity
trackers. Another technology I wanted
to highlight is a smartwatch
called embrace. It has the
same basic functionality as a
Fitbit or an Apple watch
or any of the other
standard activity trackers, but it
also has sensors that measure
some kind of capacitive skin
resistance. I'm not quite clear
on the science that isn't
a useful proxy for detecting
oncoming seizures and people with
epilepsy. So if you have
the right type of epilepsy,
the kind that can be
measured this way, basically the
smartwatch can alert you if
you're about to have a
seizure and they have paired
smartwatches, that can be a
parent and a child or
a caregiver and an adult
so that if someone is
having a seizure, it can
alert the caregiver and give
them morning to go and
help. And that's again, just
a really neat way to
take a technology that exists.
And that is cool and
that your kids might actually
want to wear, but also
has this bonus medical option,
Stuff like that is so
significant. I don't think unless
someone has a problem that
is a significant medical problem
that would require something like
that. It's kind of hard
to imagine, but I work
on an, a, an open
source project with a bunch
of really smart people called
Nightscout, which is a watch
that lets you see someone
else's blood sugar remotely. And
that same idea that like
the, the child is asleep
and whether it be epilepsy
or diabetes, you know, if
like, like as they say,
if Timmy needs you, he
needs you right now and
you need to be able
to, to manage that situation.
And now we can with
these kinds of technologies, But
it also means that your
child has the freedom to
walk around and you can
feel comfort in knowing they're
not going to have a
seizure when they're in the
bathroom. So you don't have
to follow them. It's just
the same idea as the
Orkambi. It's about building independence
and apparently the biofeedback can
also be useful for measuring
stress levels. For example, for
people with an autism spectrum
disorder, sometimes it can help
be helpful to measure stress
levels and provide biofeedback that
a caregiver can know when
a child who's nonverbal or
not good at communicating their
needs is feeling stressed and
can remove them from the
situation before it becomes a
bigger problem with a meltdown.
That's a really good point.
I think that the biofeedback
aspect of, of these things,
that, that the wearables, the
idea that it's giving you
a sixth sense, whether it
be stress or blood pressure,
or even the people who
use them for heart rate,
it gives you insight into
what's going on inside your
body and then theoretically, a
positive loop happens. Doesn't it
that causes you to change
your behavior or adjust your
behavior to make your life
better. Exactly. It's the same
reason that I wear just
a regular Fitbit because I'm
not very good at knowing
when I'm exercising enough or
getting enough sleep. I just
don't have that level of
self awareness. But if I
have a graph that I
share with all my friends
and family, I have both
the social feedback and the
sort of data feedback that
lets me change my behaviors
and actually go for a
walk. Yeah, definitely. I know
that yesterday was my, I
think it was my first
day back from work from
being on vacation. And suddenly
I went from 10,000 plus
steps to like a thousand.
And at the end of
the day, I was like,
I don't feel good. And
I don't really know why.
And then I look at
the thing and it says,
I've gone 1500 steps today.
And I'm like, Oh my
goodness, I'm going to die.
So I went out immediately
to try to run around
and get my steps before
the end of the day.
Exactly. That feedback is just
really helpful, Absolutely being. And
also when I've traveled my
wife being able to see
my blood sugar remotely, cause
I'm diabetic has been hugely
important. She's even woken me
up in Germany and saying,
you're having a low blood
sugar and you need to
get up and deal with
it. Right? Oh, that's really
neat. What a device is
that that's measuring blood sugar.
So I have a, what's
called a Dexcom. It's a
Dexcom G four and it
uses a RF to talk
to a battery. That's plugged
into my side. That's looking
at the sugar and the
interstitial fluid. It's basic, it's
a cannular. They're stuck to
me. It goes RF to
the device and then Bluetooth
to your phone and then
HTTP up to the cloud.
And then once it's in
the cloud, someone can follow
you or subscribe to your
blood sugar and get alerts
or put it on their
Apple watch or with an
open source project, put it
on a pebble and then,
and that's, and that's the
thing, right? Once that data
gets out, then people can
do whatever they want to
do with it. They could
make a picture frame with
an Android tablet and say,
look, there's my stress level
or my blood sugar, whatever
makes them happy. Exactly. And
people think assistive technology is
boring. One of the reasons
I really love talking about
tools like this is it
highlights how building things, interesting
things that help people doesn't
have to be about adding
labels to your forms. You
should do that. You should
add labels, but that's not
fun. Just like screen readers
are sort of useful technology,
but they're like Excel. If
you're super into Excel spreadsheets,
you will enjoy talking about
them. Not so much everyone
else, but the conditions are
really right. I think now,
and in history or in,
at the time we are
to really build these kinds
of technologies because of a
couple of factors. One is
the rise of crowdfunding. If
you are a somebody who's
developed a technology that would
be useful to people with
visual or hearing disabilities, it
can be hard to convince
a major company to fund
you, even though there's a
market. And you know, there's
a market venture capitalists, aren't
always on board with this,
but with something like Indiegogo
or a Kickstarter, you can
build these technologies and share
them with social media and
reach the people that they
need to reach, who are
really passionate about these technologies
and have a real need
for them. And then you
can take advantage of all
the, all the technologies and
systems we use to build
all the things we kick
start or rapid prototyping, three
D printing connections with factories
abroad and build these things
and get them to market
in a way that just
wasn't easily, possible 10 years
ago. And it also seems
like the objects that we
have available to us off
the shelf, you know, that
I don't have to go
and design a wireless secure
protocol. I can use Bluetooth
Ellie, or, you know, I
don't need to develop a
new processor. I can just
go to ADA fruit and
figure out what the right
thing for my devices means
that presumably we can create
small, simple things like, like
embrace started as a Kickstarter.
Didn't it? The epilepsy watch.
Yeah. I think it was
an Indiegogo or something similar.
And you don't need to
necessarily say we're going to
sell 50 million of these, right.
It might be niche, but
it's important. And because I
can take these pieces off
the shelf and prototype them
quickly, crowdsource them and then
build them. It lowers the
bar and the barrier to
entry for new devices. Exactly.
And then it also lets
people use those components in
innovative ways. Another project that
recently got funded on Indiegogo
and I believe it got
maybe a million dollars in
funding. It was very popular,
is a device called Erik.
So when people think of
disabilities, they often think of
people who are blind or
in a wheelchair, but chronic
illness can be a real
source of disability. Like you
were talking about diabetes. And
one of the most common
chronic illnesses in the United States
is a sleep apnea and
to treat sleep apnea where
basically your soft palate collapses
when you're sleeping and you
snore really loudly and sometimes
stop breathing, which is not
great for your health. The
current treatment for it are
these giant terrible machines where
you wear a huge face
mask that makes you look
like a Batman villain and
it pops all night and
they're really inconvenient and uncomfortable
and keep your sleep partners
awake. And no one wears
them because they're terrible. So
the people developed airing looked
at the tiny, tiny fans
that are used in microprocessors
and thought, I bet we
can attach these to someone's
nose. Basically the little tiny
fans that we use to
cool, these cool microprocessors and
other tiny devices do produce
enough positive pressure that they
can be used as a
CPAP device. And they've developed
this tiny, disposable little thing.
It looks like nose plugs
that you would wear when
you were swimming. And it
just goes right up in
your nose. And then it
provides the positive pressure that
people need to keep their
soft palate open while they
sleep. But without the whole
giant scary Batman villain machine,
which means people are more
likely to wear them and
then actually sleep and be
healthier and better at life,
really sleep is good for
you. Yeah. And it's amazing
that little device, if you
look@theirwebsiteatfundairing.com is really very frankly
spoken at the fact, the
fact goes through like how
they built it and how
long it lasts and how
much it costs. And it
doesn't read like a typical
medical device because I think
that they really are passionate
about it, you know? And
they're like, yeah, you know,
it'll cost about three bucks
and how long will it
last, you know, what lasts
about eight hours? It's just,
it's, it's very like for
us, by us for lack
of a better way of
phrasing it. It is. And
I think that's another thing
that easy access to social
media has given the ability
for people with chronic illnesses
or disabilities to get together
and form a voice. So,
you know, if I create
an iPhone app and it
doesn't work with voiceover, which
is the iPhone screen reader,
people are going to complain,
they're going to talk about
it on forums. They're going
to talk about it on
Twitter. They're going to leave
iTunes reviews that are negative
and say, this won't work
for me. And basically having
that community or that voice
has made it a lot
easier for people to get
their needs met. Hey folks,
I wanted to take a
moment to tell you about
Reagan and their new product
called pulse. Reagan is an
error and crash reporting software
provider and their new product
pulse to realtime user monitoring
product. It gives you performance
data and user insights. Lets
you understand exactly what's happening
when users interact with your
software. So you're never left
guessing. Reagan provides you with
the answers to your performance
questions and they've found over
10 billion that's billion with a
B bugs and customer apps
with their crash reporting product.
And now Reagan will help
you understand application quality. Like
no one else over 30,000
developers worldwide, can't be wrong.
I use Reagan and all
the time and I enjoy
it very much. You can
try it out today with
a no risk 30 day
free trial start improving your
software quality immediately try Reagan
for free today@reagan.io. People should
definitely take a look at
this particular FAC I love
the way it says, like,
is this device FDA approved?
And they're like, Nope. You
know, and here's why. And
they go through like, well,
you know, maybe we could
do that. Maybe we couldn't.
And they explained their different
thinking about it. And then
at the end they're like,
we'll get there one way
or the other, you know,
and Frank questions, like why
isn't it using a rechargeable
battery, which is one of
the first things that I
was thinking. And they said,
well, because it's only $3.
If we do use the
small zinc batteries and it'll
be very, very small and
only three bucks. So, you
know, there's a good reason
for all of these different
questions. It seems you were
talking about or cam and
vision. And then there was
another set of glasses that
corrects for colorblindness. I'm trying
to convince my boss who
is red, green colorblind to
get the Well, these are
much less expensive than the
Orkambi. I think they're in
the $150 range. So pricey
but affordable. And these were
actually the subject of a
very, very popular viral video
that floated around the internet.
You may have seen it.
Someone who was red, green
colorblind, a friend bought them
for him and just said
they were sunglasses. And then
had him put them, put
them on and filmed him,
seeing colors for the first
time. And it was really
neat and inspiring. So yes,
these are in chroma is
the name of the product.
They are just, they're not
electronic in any way. They're
just glasses that use the
magic of optics in a
way. Again, I don't fully
understand to change the way
light comes in and enhance
colors. So people with normal
color vision who put them
on just see really awesome,
bright colors, but people who
are color blind, who put
them on, or at least
who are red, green color
blind seek can see red
and green because of the
way the tones are shifted.
And it's just, it's really
neat. It's useful for things
like reading signs, reading stoplights,
reading, highlighted code syntax, highlighting
for code, you would be
shocked how few colorblind friendly
themes there are for Cibola.
And believe me, I've looked,
but it's also just a
way to have an experience
that you haven't had yet.
Yeah. There's even some testimonials
that say that people with
normal vision enjoy the level
of color saturation that it
offers and that it might,
and this is a very
underscore Italax might benefit one's
mood. If you get down
during the gray, the gray
parts of the wintertime, maybe
turning the saturation up would
make you happier. You know,
I might try that. I
get so sad when it's
winter and I go to
work and the sun is
down and I come home
and the sun is down.
Well, you would probably not
do well in Portland because
it is crushingly gray from
about now until next may.
That's the reason that I
made a commitment to always
live North of the four
latitude line or sorry, South
of the 34 latitude line
anywhere North it's too dark.
Yep. Yep. We're here at
the 45th parallel and it's
just pretty bad. Yeah. So
in chroma they understand was
another example of something that
wasn't a plan. They just
kind of stumbled upon it.
Yes. The people who developed
it were doing optics research
on some other topic and
they made these glasses and
they put them on and
the colors were super saturated.
And then they put them
on a color blind person
and all of a sudden
magic there's a lot of
sort of discovery. And these
things were things that we
build for other purposes can
be very helpful for people
with disabilities or chronic illnesses.
And there's another sort of
way that that can go
where things that are built
for people with disabilities or
chronic illnesses turn out to
be useful to everybody. We
call that in the accessibility
community, the curb cut effect,
curb cuts. So there's tiny
ramps cut into sidewalks that
allow a wheelchair to get
up them. Those are relatively
new in the American landscape.
Those weren't commonly installed until
the Americans with disabilities act.
But now that they're there,
they're really great, right? You
can get your wheel luggage
up at the airport. You
can get your shopping cart
up them. If you're taking
your shopping cart out of
the grocery store parking lot.
If you're walking with a
small child or a small
dog who has trouble jumping
the curb, they can walk
up them and they turn
out to be really useful
for everybody. One technological example
of that. And I just
discovered that this has been,
they've decided not to market
it in the U S
because of restrictive driving laws,
but it's a device called
the Rigo. It is a
smartphone remote that was initially
designed for people who are
blind to attach to a
white cane or a dog
harness, and basically to be
able to control their smartphone
completely hands free so that
they're not trying to both
use a cane and walked
down the road on their
smartphone, which is very unsafe.
And because this device was
built for blind people who
don't have vision it, they
did a lot of testing.
They did a lot of
user work and they discovered
it could be used, totally
look free. So they, that
could also be really useful
for people who use their
phones while they drive right.
A lot of sort of
hands-free kits or, you know,
no look kits actually, aren't
that good to make them
work with your phone. You
really do have to keep
looking at your phone, but
this device, because it was
built for the blind community
and tested for the blind
community really can be operated
without ever looking at your
phone. So unfortunately the company
has decided not to market
it for drivers because of
various legal considerations. But I
still think it's a good
idea if you're going to
use your cell phone anyway,
while you drive. Yeah. You
know, I've actually tried and
probably not good to admit
this, but I've tried using
voiceover on an iPhone to,
to talk to my phone.
I use Siri while I'm
driving. When you plug Siri
in, you can then use
the Hey Siri feature. And
a lot of people don't
realize that, Hey, Siri can
then switch applications. You can
say, Hey Siri, go to
maps. Hey, Siri, go to
mail. You can say, read
this. If you're on a
page or read this mail
or read my texts. I
think that we, as, as
sighted, people could learn a
lot from the way that
people interact with their blind
people interact with their machines,
because I feel like we've
got like Cortana and Siri
that we can ask individual
questions too. But that's the,
as far as the interaction
really goes, we're not having
long conversations like star Trek
level chats with our computer
about real problems. But you
can, because I do accessibility
testing for my day job.
And I'm very familiar with
voiceover. I actually do use
it very heavily for a
sighted user. And my favorite
use case is I'll turn
on voiceover and have my
headphones on and turn off
the screen when I'm on
a subway or a bus
and in a crowded area.
And then I can interact
with my phone, but no
one can read over my
shoulder. It's awesome. How long
did that take you to
figure out how long, how
much time would you spend
in voiceover in order to
develop that superpower? It depends.
If you're willing to just
turn off your screen and
flail, you'll learn pretty quickly.
If you prefer the less
drowning method, Apple actually has
a pretty good voiceover tutorial
that will pop up automatically
when you turn on voiceover.
But if you can print
out a cheat sheet and
look at it, which is
obviously cheating because I'm cited
and I can do that,
that gestures are fairly intuitive
and easy to pick up
a voiceover on a iOS
device is a lot easier
to use than a keyboard
based screen reader. Just because
gestures are a little bit
easier to get your head
around. Then the 75,000 keyboard
combinations. You, you need to
make a desktop screen where
you get to work well.
So I'd say, yeah, It
really is surprisingly, it's surprisingly
usable. I think for, for
a, for a touch, you
know, for a black slate
that you can only touch,
you would not expect an
iPhone to be a blind
friendly device, but it really
is very, Very good. It
is very good. And I'm
slightly prejudiced in favor of
it. I think that the
voiceover screen reader is a
lot better than the screen
reader that's built into Android
devices. Although the Android one
is improving. And that is
the reason why I own
an iPhone, even though I
don't have any other Apple
devices and I'm otherwise a
windows user and a sort
of natural audience for the
Android because I use the
screen reader. And because the
Apple one is so much
better, I've stuck with an
iOS phone. Interesting. Well, now
you're going to make me
rediscover voiceover and spend more
time trying that. And I
think that anyone who's in
assistive technologies who is able
bodied or not, not disabled
in the way that would
require to you to use
a certain feature, should try
those features. If you are
cited, try using a machine,
whether it be a phone
or computer with, without the
thing that you're used to
like turn off the monitor,
just use your headphones to
explore these different things. Even
though you, you have all
your faculties, It's a great
use, a another great assistive
technology feature that's built into
iOS devices and possibly an
Android as well is I
keep my phone on vibrate
pretty much all of the
time. And in the iOS
accessibility settings, you can set
custom vibration patterns to be
used as ringtones and text
notifications. So I can, I
also know Morse code. So
I basically set up custom
notifications for the people who
call or text me most
where it taps out in
Morse code their name, and
then I can have my
phone in my pocket. And
I could know if the
person calling me is my
fiance and I should really
answer, or if it's a
stranger and I don't even
bother have deficient out. That
is cool. So you have
made the custom tap for
a person, the custom vibration
for a person, be the
Morse code of like a
couple of their initials or
something. Exactly. If you don't
know Morse code, which is
okay, then you can use
any custom tapping pattern. That
makes sense to you. You
have to just pause for
a second because I think,
and I think that the
audience should pause as well
to just give you the,
the nerd slow clap of
the week. Cause that is
awesome. Seriously. Like, you know,
it's awesome. It's a really,
that's a really cool life
hack. I like that. I
need to learn more as
down to make that more
feasible for me though. One
of my very favorite sort
of party tricks is to
talk to people about their
frustrations with technology, and then
tell them how they could
be using the accessibility features.
They didn't know existed and
their device to make their
device better. I don't know
if it's as fun for
other people as it is
for me, but I really
enjoy it. Here's a possible
plug for a product that
I work on a little
startup that a couple of
people have used in an
accessibility context cause you're a
windows user and an iPhone
user. My buddy, Greg and
I wrote an application called
my echo that basically takes
the dictation from Siri, which
is excellent. Especially if you're
dictating an entire paragraph and
brings it into windows. So
if you're sitting in word
or Excel or, or outlook
or Gmail, you can talk
on your iPhone, it goes
up to the cloud and
then back and then paste
it into whatever you're doing.
And this has been huge
for accessibility, even though that's
not who we designed it
for. That is dragon. Naturally
speaking is the most common
program used for that, but
it's an expensive program. So
the licenses cost a few
hundred dollars. So being able
to have a hack like
that is really useful. I
have access to dragon because
my employer bought it for
me, but That's exactly right.
Being able to do this
for two bucks or three
bucks. But also if you
use Siri on a regular
basis, being able to choose,
and that gets to the
larger point that you were
making earlier about how we
can plug all these things
together. Like we don't have
to wait for a big
corporation to do it. We
can say, Oh, I like
that service. And I like
this here, and I'm going
to make my own hack.
Exactly. And there's a big
wide world of people out
there who will help you
test, who are very excited
about technology that helps them
build the world. So if
you are working on an
app and you're looking for
blind users to test to
see if it works with
voiceover, go on Twitter and
ask. There's so many people
who are so enthusiastic about
helping you out with testing,
with code, with all these
things, because these technologies help
widen their world. Absolutely. And
I've even found that Twitter
is kind of a great
equalizer as well. You know,
I've talked to lots of
people on Twitter and there's
always someone out there who
either is interested in the
topic that you're interested in
or has the, the disability
or the disease or the
condition that you're interested in.
And then you can connect
with that community and, and
move the ball forward. Exactly.
And you will not find
a more enthusiastic group of
Twitter evangelists out there than
the disability community. If they
find something that works, especially
if you, as a developer
or an open source leader
are willing to put in
the effort, then they will
tell absolutely everybody they know.
Very cool. Well, I think
that you, you definitely sold
me on the idea that
accessible design is, is, is
fun. You know, it's not
a boring obligation Except maybe
for form labels. I will
admit those are probably not
as fun as I think
they are. Oh, I'll give
you that. Putting all texts
on your pictures always sucks,
but we do it because
we should. But the, the
devices that one can create
an access right now to
make life easier are pretty
amazing. It'll be, it'd be
fun to follow up in
a year or two and
see what else is going
on in this space of
non-web assistive technologies. I will
reach out back out to
you when I find something
really cool. Very cool. Well,
thank you so much, Sylvia
Richardson for chatting with me
today. All right. And thank
you for having me as
a guest. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week.